Review Dynamic Types section (#116)
eProsima/Fast-RTPS-docs: docs/dynamictypes.rst

``DynamicType`` will always be returned as ``DynamicType_ptr`` because there is no internal management of its memory.

.. literalinclude:: ../code/CodeTester.cpp
   :language: c++
   :start-after: //DYNAMIC_TYPES_NOTES_2
   :end-before: //!--

The only case where these smart pointers cannot be used is with methods ``loan_value`` and ``return_loaned_value``.
Raw pointers should be used with these methods, because the returned value should not be deleted, and using
a smart pointer with them will cause a crash.

Dynamic Types Discovery and Endpoint Matching
---------------------------------------------

When using Dynamic Types support, *Fast RTPS* checks the optional ``TypeObjectV1`` and ``TypeIdV1`` values
during endpoint matching.
Currently, the matching only verifies that both endpoints are using the same topic data type,
but will not negotiate about it.

The matching checks ``CompleteTypeObject`` first.
If one or both endpoints do not define the ``CompleteTypeObject``, it tries with ``MinimalTypeObject``.
If one or both endpoints do not define ``MinimalTypeObject`` either, it compares the ``TypeIdentifier``.
If none is defined, then just the type name is checked.

> If one of the endpoints  transmits a ``CompleteTypeObject``, :ref:`discovery-time-data-typing` can be done.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If one of the endpoints  transmits a ``CompleteTypeObject``, :ref:`discovery-time-data-typing` can be performed.
```

 - ``MinimalTypeObject`` is used to check compatibility between types.
 - ``CompleteTypeObject`` fully describes the type.

> ``TypeObject`` is an IDL union with both representation, *Minimal* and *Complete*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``TypeObject`` is an IDL union with both *Minimal* and *Complete* representations.
```

Both are described in the annexes of `DDS-XTypes V1.2`_ document,
please refer to this document for details.

TypeIdentifier (TypeIdV1)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

``TypeIdentifier`` represents a full description of basic types and has an :class:`EquivalenceKind` for complex ones.

``TypeIdentifier`` is described in the annexes of `DDS-XTypes V1.2`_ document,
please refer to this document for details.

TypeObjectFactory
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

*Singleton* class that manages the creation and access for all registered ``TypeObjects`` and ``TypeIdentifiers``.
It can generate a full ``DynamicType`` from a basic ``TypeIdentifier`` (i.e., a ``TypeIdentifier`` whose discriminator
isn't:class:`EK_MINIMAL` or :class:`EK_COMPLETE`) can generate a full ``DynamicType``.

Fastrtpsgen
^^^^^^^^^^^

> *FastRTPSGen* has been upgraded to generate :class:`XXXTypeObject.h` and :class:`XXXTypeObject.cxx` files,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*FastRTPSGen* supports the generation of :class:`XXXTypeObject.h` and :class:`XXXTypeObject.cxx` files,
```

taking :class:`XXX` as our IDL type.
These files provide a small Type Factory for the type :class:`XXX`.
Generally, these files are not used directly, as now the type :class:`XXX` will register itself through its factory to
``TypeObjectFactory`` in its constructor, making it very easy to use static types with dynamic types.

.. _discovery-time-data-typing:

Discovery-Time Data Typing
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> When using fastdds API, when a participant discovers a remote endpoint that sends a complete ``TypeObject`` or a simple

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using Fast DDS API, when a participant discovers a remote endpoint that sends a complete ``TypeObject`` or a simple
```

TypeLookup Service
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> When using fastdds API, when a participant discovers an endpoint that sends a TypeInformation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using Fast DDS API, when a participant discovers an endpoint that sends a TypeInformation
```

A participant can be enabled to act as a TypeLookup server, client, or both.

The process of retrieving the remote type from its TypeInformation, and then registering it, can be simplified

> using the0  ``register_remote_type`` method on the :ref:`dds_layer_domainParticiant`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
using the  ``register_remote_type`` method on the :ref:`dds_layer_domainParticiant`.
```

DynamicHelloWorldExample
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> This example is located on the folder ``examples/C++/DynamicHelloWorldExample``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example is located in folder ``examples/C++/DynamicHelloWorldExample``.
```

DDSDynamicHelloWorldExample
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> This example uses the DDS API, and is located in the ``examples/C++/DDS/DynamicHelloWorldExample`` folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example uses the DDS API, and it is located in the ``examples/C++/DDS/DynamicHelloWorldExample`` folder.
```

It shows a publisher that loads a type from an XML file, and shares it during discovery.
The subscriber discovers the type using :ref:`discovery-time-data-typing`, and registers the
discovered type on the ``on_type_discovery`` listener method.

TypeLookupService
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> This example uses the DDS API, and is located in the ``examples/C++/DDS/TypeLookupService`` folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example uses the DDS API, and it is located in the ``examples/C++/DDS/TypeLookupService`` folder.
```
